Config files presence:
present: tsconfig.json
present: vite.config.ts
missing: vite.config.js
missing: jest.config.ts
missing: jest.config.js
missing: vitest.config.ts
missing: vitest.config.ts
missing: cypress.config.ts
missing: cypress.config.js
missing: playwright.config.ts
missing: playwright.config.ts
missing: .eslintrc.cjs
missing: .eslintrc.js
missing: .eslintrc.json
present: .prettierrc
missing: .prettierrc.json
missing: .prettierrc.cjs
missing: .editorconfig
missing: .husky/commit-msg
present: .husky/pre-commit
missing: .github/workflows
missing: Dockerfile
missing: docker-compose.yml
missing: .env.example
present: .nvmrc
missing: .node-version
missing: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
missing: CONTRIBUTING.md
missing: LICENSE
